Now it's time to add the product name and the product features.
First, the product name.
We need to begin a new block of content in the content stream.
So let's add content.beginText and endText, and
within it, start adding the content.
But there is something that we need to do before that. We are going
to append more content to the content stream.
So we should set the AppendMode in the content stream.
Go back to where you created the content stream and pass
PDPageContentStream.AppendMode.APPEND and false for compress,
as we do not want to compress the page content.
Then we want the font of the product name to be of size 14, but let's keep the
font type the same. So give PDType1Font.HELVETICA and 14.
Now we need to set the font color of the product name to blue.
So how can we do that?
The way to do that is to set the non‑stroking color
of the content stream to blue.
So let's call content.setNonStrokingColor and pass in
Color.BLUE. Then we need to position the product name.
The name should appear somewhere here.
That would be around 300 PDF units along the X‑axis,
which would be 50 units from the origin to the starting point of the image,
plus the image with 144 units and a few more units. And 725 units along the
Y‑axis, that is 525 units from the origin to the starting point of the image
plus image height of 144 units and a few more units.
This would be the approximate location where we'd be writing the product name.
So back in our code,
let's give 300 for X and 725 for Y. Set the product name to the content stream
by calling content.showText and then give the product name.
Now you should repeat these for the rest of the products.
So can you guess what should be done in terms of positioning,
precisely the Y coordinate? Well, as before,
it should reduce itself moving down the page.
So let's make the Y coordinate a variable named nameY and change it here
and also reduce its value as nameY = nameY ‑ prodImage.getHeight. Below
the product name, we should show its features.
So call the newLine method.
This moves to the start of the next line of text.
Now the color of the text should be black.
So once again, set the non‑stroking color of the content stream to
Color.BLACK. The product features are in a list, so let's iterate
through them and display them line by line,
one below the other.
So we need to set content.setLeading up here.
This specifies how much to move down to the next new line.
Let's give 14.5. Write this for loop, and inside
content.showText(feature) and move to the start of the next line.
The endText here will mark the end of the content. Now save and run, and you'll see the result, like this.